Out of all the moms in the world, I'm so glad that you're mine.
Thank you for being there every day with exactly what I needed.
Now that I’m older, I don’t just feel gratitude for you—but admiration. I only hope to be a mother as great as you one day.
Thank you for raising me in a time before you could post embarrassing pictures of me on social media.
I'm so proud to be your daughter/son.
Mom, you're the glue that holds our family together.
You made our house the happiest place to be. Thank you.
Happy Mother's Day to my greatest teacher, best friend, and cheapest therapist!
You taught me the importance of living in the moment and not taking anything for granted.
Mom, I get it now.
It was hard for me to accept that I can't do everything, but you taught me that it's okay to ask for help and lean on other people. My life is so much better because of that lesson.
So, it turns out you were right about everything. Literally, everything.
Mom, you're one of my favorite parents.
Thanks for putting up with me, mom. I know you like a challenge.
I love you more than she does.
Congrats, you did a great job raising me to be awesome!

May your Mother’s Day be filled with as much happiness as you brought to my childhood.


May all the love you gave to us come back to you a hundredfold on this special day!


Wishing you all the love and happiness you so richly deserve... happy Mother’s Day!


Mom.... You’re the best! Thanks for all you do. Happy Mother’s Day!


Thank you for always being there, Mom. Happy Mother’s Day!


Because of you, I am me. Happy Mother’s Day!


Wishing you a fabulous Mother’s Day! You’re the best mom I could have asked for.


Wishing you a very special Mother’s Day. Thank you for always being there for me!


Happy Mother’s Day to the greatest mom I could ever have asked for.


Thanks for giving me the best things in life: Your love, your care, and your cooking. Happy Mother’s Day!


To the most amazing mom in the entire universe... you! Happy Mother’s Day. Thanks for being so awesome!


To the best mom in the world, Happy Mother’s Day! Thank you for being chief cook, counselor, taxi-driver, cheerleader, and best all-round mom in the world.


Happy Mother’s Day to the greatest mom! We don’t say it enough, but we really appreciate all that you do for us every day. You truly are the glue that holds our family together!


Happy Mother’s Day to one *super* mommy - we are so lucky to have you! Thanks for all you do!


We hope you have an amazing Mother’s Day, Mom, and that you feel truly appreciated on your special day.


Roses are red, violets are blue, sugar is sweet, and so are you! Happy Mother’s Day to the sweetest mother in the world, we love you!


Mom, you taught me all about hard-work, patience, humility, kindness, perseverance, tolerance, forgiveness, and understanding. And how to have a lot of fun along the way! You have given me such a strong foundation by which to live my life, and I am so thankful for that. I love you Mom!

I am a strong woman because a strong woman raised me.


There’s a reason some people think they can achieve anything. They listened to their mother.


If I didn’t have you as a mom, I’d choose you as a friend.


We laugh, we cry, we make time fly...
We are best friends, my mom and I.


A mother. When you’re a child she walks before you, to set an example. When you’re a teenager she walks behind you, to be there should you need her. When you’re an adult she walks beside you, so that as two friends you can enjoy life together.


No matter how old she may be, sometimes a girl just needs her mom.


A little girl, asked where her home was, replied, “Where mother is”.
~ Keith L. Brooks


The special bond shared between a mother and daughter is the one place in all the world were hearts can be sure of each other. Like branches on a tree, we may grow in different directions, but our roots remain one.


Mother and daughter never truly part, maybe in distance but never in heart.


As mothers and daughters, we are connected with one another. My mother is the bones of my spine, keeping me straight and true. She is my blood, making sure it runs rich and strong. She is the beating of my heart. I cannot now imagine a life without her.
~ Kristin Hannah


The love between a mother and daughter is forever.


A mom’s hug lasts long after she lets go.


Daughter: “Mom, what’s it like to have the greatest daughter in the world?” Mom: “I don’t know honey, you’ll have to ask Grandma.”


I smile because I’m your daughter. I laugh because there is nothing you can do about it.

Thanks for being an incredible mother and role model to me during my childhood. I am so thankful to have your support and guidance as I navigate through life. Happy Mother’s Day!


Mom, I honestly don’t know how I’d get through each day without you by my side. Thank you for being such a supportive mother to me, and a fantastic grandmother to my children. We all love you so much! Happy Mother’s Day!


Growing up I don’t think I realized just how much you did to keep our day-to-day life running so smoothly. Now that I’m grown up, I am in awe of everything you did for us, and I admire you all the more. Thank you for making my childhood such a special one! I love you Mom!


Mom, you’re truly the best mother, role-model, and friend I could wish for. Thanks for guiding me through life and supporting me every step of the way. You are amazing!


Now that I’m a mother myself, I realize just how much I have taken for granted over the years and appreciate everything you did for us all the more. I hope I can be as good a mother for my children as you are to me! I love you Mom!


To my dear mother, you are my best friend and companion through life. Thank you for being there for me through good times and bad. I love you!


Happy Mother’s Day mom! Although we’re far apart you are always in my heart. I love you and miss you more than words can say.

Happy Mother’s Day mom, love from your *favorite* child.


Mom, I got all my best qualities from you. Aren’t we lucky that you had enough for both of us?


I’m so lucky to have you as my mother... I’m sure no one else would have put up with me this long. Happy Mother’s Day!


Mom, I know it’s hard for you on Mother’s Day... to hide the fact that I’m your favorite :-) Happy Mother’s Day!


Thanks for putting up with a spoiled, ungrateful, messy, bratty child like my sibling. Happy Mother’s Day!

Happy Mother’s Day Mom! Thank you for looking after us so well, I know it’s not always easy! I love you!

Thanks for giving me the best things in life: Your love, your care, and your cooking. Happy Mother’s Day!

Happy Mother’s day to the best mom ever. I love you to the moon and back again!

Mom.... You’re the best! Thanks for all you do. Happy Mother’s Day!

To the most amazing mom in the entire universe... you! Happy Mother’s Day. Thanks for being so awesome!

Happy Mother’s Day to the greatest mom! We don’t say it enough, but we really appreciate all that you do for us every day. You are truly the glue that holds our family together!

Thank you for always being there, Mom. Happy Mother’s Day!

May your Mother’s Day be filled with as much happiness as you brought to my childhood.

May all the love you gave to us come back to you a hundredfold on this special day!

Wishing you all the love and happiness you so richly deserve. I hope you have a very happy Mother’s Day!

To the best mom in the world, Happy Mother’s Day! Thank you for being chief cook, counselor, taxi-driver, cheerleader, and best all-round mom in the world.

Because of you, I am me. Happy Mother’s Day!

Wishing you a fabulous Mother’s day! You’re the best mom I could have asked for.

Wishing you a very special Mother’s Day. Thank you for always being there for me!

Happy Mother’s Day to the best mom in the world! I love you!

Happy Mother’s Day to you Mom, and thank you for everything you do for our family. We’d be so lost without you. You’re the best!

Happy Mother’s Day to one *super* mommy - we are so lucky to have you! Thanks for all you do!

Happy Mother’s Day Mom! I feel so blessed to have you as my mom. Thanks for always believing in me and doing so much for me. I love you!

Happy Mother’s Day to the most amazing mommy. Thanks for all the diaper changes, meal times (even when I throw my food on the floor), and endless outfit changes. You really are amazing!

Mommy, thank you for looking after us so well and making every day so much fun. Have a very happy mother’s day!

We love you Mom! Thanks for all you do for our family. We hope you have a lovely Mother’s Day.

We hope you have an amazing Mother’s Day, Mom, and that you feel truly appreciated on your special day.

Have a great Mother’s Day Mom! Thanks for being such a super mom, you really keep our family together. We love you!

To the best mom in the world, happy Mother’s Day. Have a great day!

Roses are red, violets are blue, sugar is sweet, and so are you! Happy Mother’s Day to the sweetest mother in the world, we love you!

Happy Mother’s Day to the best mom in the universe!

I’m so lucky to have you as my mother... I’m sure no one else would have put up with me this long. Happy Mother’s Day!

Only a mother as perfect as you... could have a (daughter/son) as perfect as me. Happy Mother’s Day!

Mom, I got all my best qualities from you. Aren’t we lucky that you had enough for both of us?

Happy Mother’s day to a woman who deserves a medal... for putting up with me all these years!

Mom, I know it’s hard for you on Mother’s Day... to hide the fact that I’m your *favorite* child. Happy Mother’s Day!

Happy Mother’s Day Mom! Love, your *favorite* child.

Mom, thank you so much for everything you’ve done for me. I know he isn’t your fault, he must be adopted.

Thanks for letting me be a parasite in your body for 9 months... followed by another 18 years as a parasite outside your body.

Don’t you think it’s funny that you’re still my mother? You deserve to have been promoted by now!

You’re a very special mom so I’d like to give you a very special gift. You can have either a hug or a million dollars, whichever you prefer.
**BIG HUG!**
Do I know you well, or what!?

Mother (n). One person who does the work of twenty. For free. See also: Saint, Wonder Woman.

Sending lots of love to you and we hope you have a wonderful day! Happy Mother’s day!

Happy Mother’s day to the sweetest mother in law in the universe! I’m so lucky that when I married your (daughter/son) I got you as another Mom! Have a great day today, you deserve it!

You always put others first, and today we’ll take the reigns! Looking forward to spoiling you today as you spoil us throughout the year. You’re a super mother in law and I’m so blessed to have you in my life.

To the rest of the world you maybe a mere mother in law, but deep down in my heart you are a rock of support during all the troubles of life. I am so grateful for you and the support you give to me. I hope you have a wonderful day today and know how much you are loved!

When I married your son/daughter, I never knew that it would start an amazing relationship with an incredible woman like you. Thanks for being there for our family, we love you very much!

Happy Mother’s day to the best mother in law! We are so grateful for all that you do for our little family, and so blessed to have you in our lives. Have a great day today!

Thank you for always being there, Mom. Happy Mother’s day!

Thanks for everything Mom, you really are one in a million! Love you!

Mom, you are the most outstanding woman in my life, and you’ll always be my number one. Have a very happy Mother’s day!

Happy Mother’s day to my very own superhero and the No. 1 problem-solver in my life. I hope you have a great day!

Mom, thank you for being my anchor in this stormy sea of life. I love you and don’t know where I’d be without you. Have a great day today.

I feel so lucky to have you as my mom. Thanks for always believing in me and doing so much for me each day. Have a great Mother’s day, you deserve all the fuss!

I’m glad that you’re my mother, because I’m not sure anyone else could have put up with me this long! Love you Mom!

Thanks for all you do for me Mom. Now I’m a parent myself my admiration for you has grown even more. You’re an amazing mom and a brilliant grandmother to my children. We all love you very much!

You are such a beautiful person inside and out. Happy birthday!
Happy birthday best friend! I hope you have a day just as amazing as you are.

Thank you for being such a great friend. Happy birthday!
Your friendship means the world to me. I hope you have the best day.
You are so special to me, I didn’t even need Facebook to remind me it was your birthday!
So glad I have a friend like you to grow old with! To many more years of unwanted gray hairs.
Mom, you are so amazing. I want to be just like you when I grow up!
Mom, you make me the happiest person in the world. I hope you have the best birthday ever!

You are the most beautiful, loving, caring and amazing woman I know. I wish you the happiest birthday today.
Mom, I hope you know how special you are to me. I am so blessed to have you as a mother.

Mom, thanks for not giving me up for adoption! I love you.
Here is to another year of you putting up with me! Happy birthday, mom.

To my perfect son, thank you for putting a smile on my face everyday. Happy birthday!
I am so proud of the man you are growing up to be! I love you.

You are such an amazing son and are growing up to be an even more amazing man. Happy birthday, I love you!
You mean so much to your mother and me. We look forward to watching you accomplish all you can in life.

Happy birthday my son. Maybe you’ll be able to grow a moustache this year!
Despite the gray hairs I have sprouted since your birth, you never stop putting a smile on my face. I love you so much!

A birthday is just the first day of another 365-day journey around the sun. Enjoy the trip.

Happy birthday to a wonderful and terrific marvelous you

A simple celebration, a gathering of friends; here is wishing you great happiness, a joy that never ends.

Age does not matter, you can party as much as you want.

May God continue to shower you with blessings.

Age is all but a number.

Happy birthday my dear friend.

The Best Birthday Wishes for my Bestie!

Because you’re you, I’m celebrating today!

Can you hear the skies whispering Happy Birthday in your ears? I can! Wishing you a super fun day!

On this day a Queen was born!

Just here for the cake!

Your inner child is still ageless.

This is the year for all your dreams to come true.

Happy Birthday!  Wishing you all the best for today and in the future.

Through thick and thin, I’m always all in when it comes to you.

Here’s to celebrating you!

It took x number of years for you to become amazing.

Birthdays: Nature’s way of telling us to eat more cake.

Today is a gift of life, today it’s your birthday.

You probably don’t know how to act your age because you’re so new to it.

The more you weigh, the harder it is to kidnap you. Stay safe, eat more cake.

You’re never too old to be young.

You don’t get older, you get better.

Birthdays are great, but too many can kill you. So, have fun now!

To a day as special as you.

May you stay forever young.

You’re so awesome that when you were born they gave your parents a certificate.

You loved life and it loved you right back.

Birthdays are good for you. The more you have, the longer you live.

Hugs, kisses and a lot of birthday wishes!

Today is awesome ’cause it’s your birthday.

Another year older, another year wiser? The jury is still out.

You’re too young to be this old.

Live your life and forget your age.

As you take the next spin around the sun, I’m glad you’re part of my life. Happy B-day!

You may grow a year old every year, but I hope your spirit remains youthful.

Pop the bubbly and celebrate…this day comes only once a year.

Old enough to know better; young enough to not care.

Friends are always close at heart. I’m so glad we are friends.

Wishing you a year of joy and friendship.

No need to count your years,  we all know you’re one year older than last year.

Go ahead and have another birthday if you want to. But don’t expect me to keep up with you.

We’re going to party like it’s your birthday!

Grow Old Along With Me, The Best Is Yet To Be.

HBD to someone who deserves a truly happy day.

Happy birthday to someone who is forever young.

Sorry, I Can’t Pop Out Of Your Cake!

Surround yourself with the laughter and love of those you hold dear today and every day.

Wishing you all the best on your special day.

Happy B-Day, may this day always be a special one to remember.

May your B-Day bring the best of everything!

Tell us more about the days when rotary phones were in every house old-timer. Just kidding, have a great one!

Have a wonderful day and a fabulous year.

Here’s to another year full of experiences, joy, happiness, surprises and good luck. Have a smashing day!

Here’s hoping that you have the most wonderful birthday ever.

Here’s to another year of experience.

I hope your birthday dreams turn into lots of dreams come true!

Here’s to celebrating you!

May your birthday be as awesome as you are.

I hope you have a birthday that is as cool as you.

I hope all your birthday dreams and wishes come true.


While your standard birthday reply that you get better with age like fine wine works, please come up with something new this year.

I hope that for every candle on your cake you get a wonderful surprise.

I Hope These Brighten Your Day, As You Always Brighten Mine.

May this special day bring you joy and happiness.

Dear friends last a lifetime, so keep up your good health because I planning on living for a long time!

Instead of saying that I hope you will have many great things in life to come, I’d like to say that I know you have many great things to come in life. Have a great one!

You are an amazing friend who deserves all the best on this day and every day!

Wishing you special moments all day long!

I’ve often wondered about my tough times, “How did I ever get through?” Then I realized it’s all because I had a friend like you. Have a wonderful day and thank you.

May the moments of today become fond memories for tomorrow.

May this year be the best of your life, until the next one.

Hoping that this year will be your best ever – Love Mom.

May your birthday be filled with excitement, joy, and laughter.

May your Birthday be filled with so many laughs that I can hear them through all the distance between us.

Hoping your birthday be filled with sunshine and smiles, laughter, love, and cheer.

May your birthday be so special that you find yourself smiling long after it’s over.

May your special day be filled with memories and flowers, friendship and happy hours.

I hope you have meaningful, fulfilled day!

My biggest Birthday wish for you is that you should stay the way you are. Don’t ever change. Many happy returns of the day!

My heartiest wishes to you on your Birthday. Enjoy your day and the life ahead.

Not just a year older, but a year better.

On your Birthday today may candle bring you the light of good fortune in your life. Wishing you all the best!

One year older and a whole lot wiser.

Chance, luck and opportunity will come and go. But I will always be here for you no matter what.

Remember, you’ll be this age for only one year but you’ll be awesome forever.

Smile! It’s your birthday.

The best part about your Birthday is that we always end up getting good food and a great cake.

The first thing that came to my mind this morning was that today is your Birthday.

There isn’t a sweeter person than you  Here’s to the best day of your year.

Thinking of you and wishing you all the best on your special day.

Today is not just the end of another year, it’s the beginning of a new one.

Whatever your dreams, whether big or small, may this year be the year in which you have them all fulfilled.

Wishing you another wonderful year of happiness and joy.

Wishing you the loveliest of birthdays.

Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery but today is a gift, that’s why it’s called a present. Enjoy your day!

You have another 365 days of your life waiting to give you a roller coaster ride to take you from one destination of happiness to another. Have a great Birthday.

Wishing you birthday memories to hold close to your heart! Have a Beautiful Day.

You were born to party.

Another candle on your cake? Don’t pout. Be glad that you still have the strength to blow the things out.

Celebrate your birthday! Take TWO naps.

Count your blessings, not your wrinkles.

Forget your past, it’s already done. Forget your present too because I forgot.

I used to think that I was good at math, but then I tried counting your candles.

Is it getting hotter in here or is it just all the candles on your cake?

It’s ok to light the candles on your birthday cake now; I’ve already alerted the fire department.

Roses Are Red, Violets Are Blue,  AARP is looking for you.

The nation’s best-kept secret, your true age

You’re older, wiser and too mature to be concerned with material things, like presents.


29 again? Talk about recycling!

A very Happy Birthday to a person who is good-looking, intelligent and someone who reminds of myself!

I hope you have a great one. After all, you are old now!

Age is just a value; the higher the age the higher its value.

Another birthday? Before you start feeling old and depressed, just keep this in mind: I have pantyhose older than you!

Another birthday? Why it seems only yesterday that you were a whole year younger.

Another year, another new ache.

At the birthday time, it’s good to remember our friends. Actually, it’s good to remember anything

Better to be over the hill than buried under it. Wishing you the happiest of days.

Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that people who have the most live the longest

Birthdays are nature’s way of telling us to eat more cake and throw a party. Enjoy your day!

Can you blow out all these candles or should I call the fire department?

Can you guess what I want to be when I grow up? As much fun as you!

Congratulations on turning another year older and still looking like a teenager.

Growing old is mandatory, growing up is optional.

Happy Birthday my friend who in dog years would by now be…uh-oh dead! Haha. Enjoy your day!

On your very special day, I hope that you don’t die before we eat your cake.

To a man who is really younger than he looks.

And, to a not-so-old oldtimer.

For a person who is smart, good looking and funny and reminds me a lot of myself.

To someone who still looks good. In fact, almost lifelike.

Happy Birthday to you, so what if you live in a zoo!

Scientific studies have almost proven that cake is calorie-free on your birthday. So enjoy.

That piece of cake is loaded with fat and calories which could, theoretically, take years off your life. If you don’t want it, can I have it?

You’re one year closer to your death day.

Here’s to the future and many more candles to come.

What’s your secret, a time machine or something?

Happy Birthday. You’ve got a great life, you look wonderful, and your health is good. How could a measly present from me compete with that?

Have fun as much as you can, but not too much, because you are at a vulnerable age.

Here is a short and simple birthday wish. Have a sensational day!

Hoping that you can find all the strength and courage needed… to blow all of the candles out.

Hoping you dance the night away or at least watch other people dance late into the night, or at least stay awake…

So many candles… so little cake.

Some say the glass is half empty. Others say the glass is half full. It’s your birthday, so just drink whatever is in the glass.

Some words of wisdom for your birthday, “Smile while you still have teeth!”

How do you plan to celebrate the milestone that makes you closer to old age and death? Have a superb Birthday.

I always forget to get the gifts but I’m always there when you cut the cake. Have a great day my friend.

Stop counting the candles and start thinking about your dreams.

I hope your happy Mom on your celebration day.

Thanks for inviting us all to come to celebrate your birthday!! Hope the cake is good, All the best.

The best way to enjoy your Birthday each year is to keep getting more gifts but never remember your age.

The first mark of aging appears when you start forgetting things. In your case, there are no such problems.

The younger you try to look; the older you actually are.

There were a lot of famous people born on your birthday. Too bad you aren’t one.

To the nation’s best-kept secret; Your true age.

Mom’s birthday time is here. It’s a celebration!

You’ve earned the right to scream and shout ‘It’s my birthday!’

God created you for a special purpose. Happy Birthday! Wishing you awesome years of joy and success ahead.

You’ve survived another year. Although you’re older, it sure doesn’t show. Congratulations.

Two things in the world that come to you without any reason are blood pressure and age. You’d rather prefer the latter than the former!

Two tips on your birthday: 1) Forget the past you can’t change it 2) Forget the present, I didn’t get you one.

Want to know how to keep an old guy in suspense on his birthday? I’ll tell you later.

I wanted to send you something really nice for your birthday but the machine just kept taking my quarters.

We know we’re getting old when the only thing we want for our birthday is not to be reminded of it

When a tree gets a year older, it makes a growth ring by adding another layer of tissue around its girth. Boy does that sound familiar.

Wishing you a great day, year, century (just joking). HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I hope you have a great day.

You’re another year older and another year wiser. So I’m sure you can figure out there ain’t no gift for you

You’re having a birthday! Well, I think I speak for everyone in the office when I say Hope this means snacks!

You are only as old as you act.

Birthday Greetings for You: Have an Awesome Day!

You have reached the age where all compliments will be followed by “for your age.”

You know you’re getting old when you walk up the stairs and call it exercise. Happy Bday!

No one loved birthday celebrations as much as you – so enjoy!

You know you’re grown up when you stop growing tall and start growing wide.

You should really celebrate on your birthday. Take TWO naps today.

You sure don’t look your age… I mean that in a good way.

Hoping all of your birthday dreams come thru – well, all except one, so you have something to shoot for next year.

You think you are old? You’re not old… you were old last year, this year you’re ancient.

You would have loved the gift I didn’t bother getting you.

You’re not getting older. You’re just a little closer to dying!

Wishing you many more candles and a cake big enough to fit them all on.

You’re not old until you can’t read this writing anymore. (written in real small text)

With age comes wisdom. (You’re one of the wisest people I know!)

You age like cheese. Yes, you just keep getting smellier!

You always have such fun birthdays; you should have one every year.